内容: to averaging attention-weighted positions, an effect we counteract with Multi-Head Attention as

described in section 3.2.

Self-attention, sometimes called intra-attention is an attention mechanism relating different positions

of a single sequence in order to compute a representation of the sequence. Self-attention has been

used successfully in a variety of tasks including reading comprehension, abstractive summarization,

textual entailment and learning task-independent sentence representations [4, 27, 28, 22].

End-to-end memory networks are based on a recurrent attention mechanism instead of sequence-

aligned recurrence and have been shown to perform well on simple-language question answering and

language modeling tasks [34].

To the best of our knowledge, however, the Transformer is the first transduction model relying

entirely on self-attention to compute representations of its input and output without using sequence-

aligned RNNs or convolution. In the following sections, we will describe the Transformer, motivate

self-attention and discuss its advantages over models such as [17, 18] and [9].

3

Model Architecture

Most competitive neural sequence transduction models have an encoder-decoder structure [5, 2, 35].

Here, the encoder maps an input sequence of symbol representations (x1, ..., xn) to a sequence

of continuous representations z = (z1, ..., zn). Given z, the decoder then generates an output

sequence (y1, ..., ym) of symbols one element at a time. At each step the model is auto-regressive

[10], consuming the previously generated symbols as additional input when generating the next.

2

Figure 1: The Transformer - model architecture.

The Transformer follows this overall architecture using stacked self-attention and point-wise, fully

connected layers for both the encoder and decoder, shown in the left and right halves of Figure 1,

respectively.

3.1

Encoder and Decoder Stacks

Encoder:

The encoder is composed of a stack of N = 6 identical layers. Each layer has two

sub-layers. The first is a multi-head self-attention mechanism, and the second is a simple, position-

wise fully connected feed-forward network. We employ a residual connection [11] around each of

the two sub-layers, followed by layer normalization [1]. That is, the output of each sub-layer is

LayerNorm(x + Sublayer(x)), where Sublayer(x) is the function implemented by the sub-layer

itself. To facilitate these residual connections, all sub-layers in the model, as well as the embedding

layers, produce outputs of dimension dmodel = 512.

Decoder:

The decoder is also composed of a stack of N = 6 identical layers. In addition to the two

sub-layers in each encoder layer, the decoder inserts a third sub-layer, which performs multi-head

attention over the output of the encoder stack. Similar to the encoder, we employ residual connections

around each of the sub-layers, followed by layer normalization. We also modify the self-attention

sub-layer in the decoder stack to prevent positions from attending to subsequent positions. This

masking, combined with fact that the output embeddings are offset by one position, ensures that the

predictions for position i can depend only on the known outputs at positions less than i.

3.2

Attention

An attention function can be described as mapping a query and a set of key-value pairs to an output,

元数据: {'source': 'd:/MyProjects/ragIM/test/samples/1706.03762v7.pdf'}