I may be deploying ubuntu at work so I'm trying to find gui apps so certain people dont crap themselves. well, if you want to debug this, I'd still start by seeing if you can get it to run ok with at or crontab it works fine if I run it manually. I almost think its just the program itself as it has some options Im not sure of. the environment in which the commands run delayed isn't exactly the same as when running from the cli. That's why I wondered about running under crontab. Also consider running from a shell script and adding echo statements so you can see when the script starts and ends... have you used any rsync gui apps by chance? sorry, I don't use gui stuff much at all (I find them often buggy). I do use rsync from the command line, though... as do I. just trying to find gui alternatives for some stuff to ease a certain group of people into linux :: I understand. Maybe write a shell script for them instead? thats possible too. I just thought it would be easier to find an app that doenst suck, considering theres like 12 to choose from the problem is each app has a shining featur about it the others dont have. if only i could just combine them all... I'd trade 11 of those apps for one which really works well.... :-( there is one that works super well, but it only supports compression. i want to sync raw data as this file server is also a media server. i cant relaly stream data thats tarballed. ya know? the devs on launchpad said they hadnt intended to support raw transmission of data. im tempted to offer a fat donation if they do, as that kind of app would be a true blessing to have at owrk. what exactly are you trying to do? I want a program that does the following. auto mount a CIFS share and rsync all data in raw format to the CIFS share. I'd also like it to do it at certain times with a scheduler grsync does this, but has no scheduler or auto mount. deja dup does this, but only supports compression, no raw data. luckybackup wont sync files for me, only empty directories (dont ask, i have no idea) well personally, I would script it, using mount & rsync, and invoke it from crontab.... that may be my only choice here, but I felt like I was so close woth deja dup its even coming on the livecd of 11.10 and fedora 13.  its a really solid application, like macs back in time or time machine or whatever that thing is. ive tested it extensively, it works spot on. I just wish it wasnt tarballs :/ generally, if it has a gui, it's not usually designed to run unattended... I fail to see why that would be an issue. the thing runs in the background without issue. generally, if there's a gui, it was designed for someone to sit there and interact. It doesn't *have* to be that way, but mostly it is. Let me know if you need scripting help. Otherwise, try a 2nd opinion... I fail to see how it requires someone to interact if it was designed with a scheduler, though... because, if thats the case, whats the excuse for cron being acceptable? sorry, wish I could help better...