There are advantages and disadvantages to keeping all your accounts with the same bank versus having accounts at different banks. If you open a second account at a different bank, you may have more options for products like Mortgage or credit extensions since you are not limited to just one institution. If you use the same bank, that would make it harder to lose track of, and you could probably still get reports summarizing the balances across them. Additionally, occasionally there are also perks like the bank spontaneously offering you increased credit or even a whole line of credit because the bank has your data already. what are people's experience with using two bank accounts? Some people separate off regular planned expenses (rent/mortgage, utility bills, insurance premiums) from spending money. For example, one gets a direct deposit totaling the sum of regular monthly bills and a prorated provision for longer term regular bills like semi-annual car insurance premiums; and the other one gets a direct deposit of the rest which I then allocate to savings and spending. For another example, use account B for all my expenses (rent, credit card, food, etc) and use account A to save money. can you let me know advantages of using two bank accounts? You will be able to hold different currencies if you have two bank accounts. Banks in certain countries are offering what is called a dual currency account. It is essentially 2 accounts with same account number but different currency. I am wondering which bank I should start looking at Swiss can be your choice if you need privacy. Or Capital One 360 account if you prefer easy access with no minimum balance requirements. if you are American, I would look into an ""internet bank"", like Ally. They don't have many fees and they have an excellent high-yield savings account. How to pay with cash when car shopping? When paying with cash for a car, you need to get a cashier's check made out for the amount. Note that dealers may not accept personal checks as they may bounce. You would typically pay a deposit of $500, which can be a check or bank deposit after negotiation. Then, you can return to the dealership later the same day or within a few days with a cashier's check for the remaining amount. Keep in mind that if you give the dealership $10,000 or more in actual cash, they will be required to fill out a form 8300 with the IRS. Or installment easier?