I'm sorry, but I don't have an answer to your question. Then, 0% interest same as having benefits of the both? A 0% interest rate offer can provide some benefits of both paying in cash and financing. With a 0% interest rate, you can effectively borrow money from the dealership without paying any interest, which can make your payments lower and more manageable.  This can be beneficial if you want to preserve your savings by not paying the full price of the car upfront.  However, zero percent interest may sound great,  those deals often have extra margin built into the price to make up for it. There might also be late payment fees, prepayment penalties, and other clauses.  Also, these tend to be shorter 12 months vs  72 months. If my friend paid for me with her bank's check, what is a consequence? If your friend pays for the car using her bank's check (also known as a cashier's check), there should not be any legal consequences for you.  In the US, gift tax always falls on the donor, never the recipient, and gifts are not taxable income to the recipient up to $14K for the whole year. does IBM offer document databases? Yes, IBM offers [IBM Cloudant](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/Cloudant?topic=Cloudant-documents) which stores JSON objects. So it can store any random JSON object or I need to specify fields in advances? Yes, IBM Cloudant can store any JSON object subject to some caveats listed below 1. All documents must have two fields: * A unique _id field. The _id field is detailed in the next section. * A _rev field. The _rev field is a revision identifier, and is essential to the IBM Cloudant replication protocol. 2. Field names that begin with the underscore character (_) are reserved in IBM Cloudant. This rule means that you can't normally have your own field names that begin with an underscore. For example, the field example would be accepted, but the field _example would result in a doc_validation error message. What if I want to store an image or pdf with a document? IBM Cloudant has support for storing attachments alongside documents, a long-standing feature it inherits from CouchDB. So you can easily add an image or PDF as an attachment to your document but you must consider a few things before you use attachments in IBM Cloudant today, especially if you’re looking at larger assets. 1. IBM Cloudant is expensive as a block store. 2. IBM Cloudant’s internal implementation is not efficient in handling large amounts of binary data. So, slow and expensive. IBM Cloudant is acceptable for small assets and occasional use. As a rule, if you need to store binary data alongside IBM Cloudant documents, it’s better to use a separate solution more suited for this purpose. You need store only the attachment metadata in the IBM Cloudant document. Is there a limit on the file size? Yes, documents are limited to a maximum size of 1 MB. Exceeding this limit causes a [413 error](https://cloud.ibm.com/apidocs/cloudantlist-of-http-codes). Not documents, I was asking for attachments? I am sorry I couldn't find any explicit limits on attachment size but as stated earlier IBM Cloudant isn't best suited for handling large amounts of binary data. Thus it’s better to use a separate solution more suited for this purpose and only store the attachment metadata in the IBM Cloudant document. Ok