It's quite easy to get setup with IBM Cloudant instance. Let me walk you through it. 1. Log in to your IBM Cloud account, and click Create resource. 2. Type Cloudant in the Search bar and click to open it. 3. Select an offering and an environment. 4. Type an instance name. 5. Select your plan. 6. To create the service, click Create: After you click Create, the system displays a message to say that the instance is being provisioned, which returns you to the Resource list. From the Resource list, you see that the status for your instance is, Provision in progress. 7. After you create an instance, the status changes to Active. What are difference between lite and standard plan? The Lite plan is free but has a fixed amount of throughput capacity. The paid Standard plan offers configurable provisioned throughput capacity and data storage pricing that scales as your application requirements change. Here are the couple of specific differences - In the case of a Lite plan,  provisioned throughput capacity is fixed at 20 reads per second, 10 writes per second, and 5 global queries per second, and data storage is capped at 1 GB. A Standard plan starts with a provisioned throughput capacity of 100 reads per second, 50 writes per second, and 5 global queries per second with 20 GB of data storage with an easy way to increase them in small increments. - You're limited to one IBM Cloudant Lite plan instance per IBM Cloud account. So does that mean if I am just exploring things for now, I should stick to to Lite plan? As long as you don't require more that 1 GB of data storage and comfortable with a fixed throughput capacity of 20 reads per second, 10 writes per second, and 5 global queries per second, you can start with a Lite plan. Additionally, if you change you mind later, you can always upgrade from a Lite to Standard plan. Great! One last thing, where can I find python SDK for pushing and fetching data? The IBM Cloudant SDK for Python is available at https://pypi.org/project/ibmcloudant/. What could be the reason that most small business fail along the way? One of the reason most small businesses fail it is because banks usually know that small businesses are a huge risk and are unwilling to provide loans for them to survive. They aren't able to survive in the short-term no matter how good the prospects are in the long-term. They work crazy long hours and submit themselves to huge financial risk. Most owners have no interest in taking true responsibility for the company's health and in the end business has one imperative: to make money. Moreover some small owners business are lacked of some  intangible qualities of entrepreneurship. They  put in loads of commitment or loads of money into an idea that just isn't right. Or they spend money in the wrong ways. What does it makes a business to go forward? A business can move forward successfully by having a solid business model with minimal startup costs and low overhead costs. It's important to have a competitive advantage and offer extra value to customers. This can be achieved by becoming savvy in spotting good deals and reselling products for a higher price. Additionally you need to be careful with the structure, do all the research; understand the risk and opportunities as much you can.  Indeed to move forward in your business you need to make the things happen, you have to do the marketing and sale-link up with your prospective customers. And you have to have a well designed and well operating business. The key to good business management is ""do unto others as you would have them do unto you"" - ie. look at your business from your customers' perspective. In the end the point of a business is to make a profit . However, have some criteria for success or failure. Don't end up caught in the sunk costs fallacy. If the business isn't going to provide a better life than working, pull the plug early. How to read bond yield quotes? What do the time, coupon, price, yield, and time mean? Bond yield quotes provide important information about a bond's yield, which is the annualized return on investment for the bond. Here's how to read bond yield quotes: * Time: This refers to the time of the quote presented and indicates when the quote was generated. * Coupon (coupon rate): This is the amount of interest paid on the bond each period, as specified on the coupon itself. It is usually expressed as a percentage of the bond's face value. * Price: This is the normalised price of the bond, representing the price of taking a position of $100 worth of the principal in the bond. It is often expressed as a percentage of the bond's face value. * Yield: This is the interest rate that you would receive by buying at the current price. It is the inverse of the price and represents the annualized return on investment for the bond. To summarize, when reading bond yield quotes, the time refers to the quote's generation time, while the coupon, price, and yield provide information about the bond's interest payments, market value, and annualized return on investment, respectively. Is it worth having a web chat widget on my website?