Yes, it is worth having a web chat widget on your website. The web chat integration can help your customers with common questions and tasks; it can understand customer messages in any of the languages that are supported by the service, and it engages your users when they need help, answering their questions quickly and efficiently, and providing fallback options so there is always a path to a solution. It is also customizable, secure, and supports a wide range of desktop and mobile browsers. Building a custom user interface for these functionalities would require significant time and effort, which could be better spent on building a high-quality assistant. Additionally, the web chat widget is easy for you to deploy and easy for customers to use. how to add web chat widget? From the Assistants page, click to open the assistant tile that you want to deploy to your site. From the Integrations section, click the Web chat tile and click Open. The Open web chat window opens. In the Environment field, select the environment you want the web chat widget to connect to. Click Confirm. All you need to do is embed a generated script element in your HTML source. Can I extend the web chat? if so, how can I do that? Yes, extend the web chat. If you are a developer, you can extend the capabilities of the web chat by using the Watson Assistant web chat toolkit on GitHub. You can also you can further customize and extend the web chat by writing code and using the web chat API. Is web chat secure enough for me to pass some sesitive data? how does web chat work? The web chat provides a convenient chatbot interface that you can add to your website without writing any code. After adding the web chat script to your website, a launcher icon appears in the bottom right corner. When a customer clicks the launcher, the web chat window opens, displaying a greeting and suggested conversation starters. The customer can click a conversation starter or type a message to begin the conversation. The appearance and behavior of the web chat can be configured and customized to match your website style and branding. The web chat uses the Watson Assistant v2 stateful API to communicate with the assistant and supports a variety of devices and platforms. The web chat integration undergoes tests and scans on a regular basis to find and address potential security issues remember last time we talk bond? What is the safest type of bond to invest in? The safest place to put money is a mixture of cash, local municipal bond funds with average durations under two years and US Treasury bond funds with short duration. Among government bonds, U.S. Treasury securities are often regarded as the safest, followed by municipal bonds and government agency bonds. However, it is essential to note that even the safest bonds come with some level of risk, and do not make much money.  If you do choose to invest in bonds, some bonds being riskier than others,  I recommend that you diversify your risks by investing in a bond fund, rather than in just one company's or government's debt. This will reduce the likelihood that you will experience a catastrophic loss. investing in a short-term, high quality bond fund or a tax-free bond fund with short durations is a good way to balance safety vs. return. Additionally, You should talk to a financial fiduciary (make sure they are a fiduciary, not all planners are) about investing your money. what do you think about investing in foreign bonds? Adding international bonds to an individual investor's portfolio is a controversial subject. On top of the standard risks of bonds, you are adding country specific risk, currency risk and diversifying your individual company risk. In theory many of these risks should be rewarded but the data are noisy at best and adding risk like developed currency risk may not be rewarded at all.  However, if your home currency (or currency union) does not have a deep bond market and/or bonds make up most of your portfolio, it is probably worth diversifying a chunk of your bond exposure internationally. Why do municipalities issue bonds? Many municipalities issue bonds as a way to raise capital for various projects and infrastructure developments. These bonds are essentially loans that investors provide to the municipality. By issuing bonds, municipalities can finance essential public works such as schools, roads, hospitals, and other infrastructure projects. Pros/Cons of Buying Discounted Company Stock Pro: If you can buy discounted company stock, you have the opportunity to sell in-the-money covered calls and potentially make more than you would selling at strike. Con:  If the company that provides your income experiences difficulties, there is a risk that you may lose your job and also see your investments in the company's stock decrease in value. In addition, putting a large portion of your savings in a single stock can be risky. What is the biggest risk? The biggest risk mentioned is tying a significant portion of your savings and income to a single company. If the company experiences difficulties, you may lose your job and see the value of your investments decrease due to a single cause. Is this a fast way to make money? I cannot find information regarding whether it is a fast way to make money. What are the taxes if you make a profit in the stock market? The tax implications of selling stocks for a profit depend on various factors, including the length of time you held the stocks, your income level, and location. In some countries, income received from dividends is taxed as income, whereas profits on share trades are capital gains.  If you sell your shares for more than their value at the time you received them then you will be liable for capital gains tax - but only if the profit exceeds your annual allowance. Is it safer to invest in bonds? Investing in bonds can generally be considered safer than investing in stocks, as the issuer would need to default (usually this means they are in bankruptcy) in order for you not to be paid back. For example, German bonds have been considered safer than Greek bonds recently based on the underlying strength of the government. Unlike Cash Equivalents, these are not guaranteed against loss, which means that if the issuer defaults, you could lose up to 100% of your investment. In addition, if you need to sell the bond before it matures, you could lose money.  If you do choose to invest in bonds, diversify your risks by investing in a bond fund, rather than in just one company's or government's debt. Debt is considered a safer investment than equity for any particular company, government, or the market as a whole. I need to do some legal research to be prepared for my oral argument. Can I visit the law library?