There is a lawyer with experience in family law who works for the superior court in every California county. This lawyer is here to help parents and children involved in family law cases with child, spousal, and partner support problems. If you don't have your own lawyer, you can see the family law facilitator for free. The court where the case is filed has a program that offers free legal information about child support and can help you with forms. This is a service provided by the court to guide you through the legal process. Learn more about the court's Family Law Facilitator or Self-Help Center. Hire a lawyer to help you with all or a part of your case. For legal advice, you can hire a lawyer. If there's a question as to whether you're the child's legal parent (called parentage) and you can't afford a lawyer, the court may appoint you a lawyer for free to help with that issue. Talk to your court's Family Law Facilitator to learn more about that option. Is a jail sentence given for a child support conviction? The documents do not specify jail sentences, but you can opt for the Division of Child Support Services (DCSS) to enforce your support orders. They can issue administrative orders such as suspending the other parent's driver's license, intercepting tax refunds, or placing liens on bank accounts. In cases of willful failure to pay child support, DCSS may file contempt charges against the other parent. The Office of Child Support Enforcement (OCSE) is the federal agency responsible for administering the nationwide child support program. Offset refers to the money taken from a parent's state or federal income tax refund or an administrative payment, like federal retirement benefits, to pay a child support debt. How can I get enforcement support? If you encounter a violation, it's important to record the details and severity of the violation. Keeping a record will be helpful if you decide to take action later. Your options include contacting the local police department to enforce the order. Ensure that you have a copy of the current order to provide to them. Additionally, the Federal Parent Locator Service (FPLS), which is managed by the Office of Child Support Enforcement (OCSE) of the Administration for Children and Families (ACF), operates a national network and database. FPLS collects and compares address and employer information, as well as data on child support cases across all states. This helps state and local child support enforcement agencies to locate non-custodial parents. F-1 student investing in foreign markets It is legal for an F-1 student to trade stocks and have an account with both US and non-US based brokerage firms. However, if you are considered a non-resident alien for tax purposes, which is typical for F-1 students, you would need to file Form 1040NR and account for any profit made on dividends/capital gain when doing your US taxes. It's important to note that a software package provided by your university for doing taxes might not be adequate for this, so you may need to seek additional resources. Can I not use the 1040NR-EZ? Forms 1040NR and 1040NR-EZ are both for non-resident aliens. However, I do not have information on when you can use one over the other. OK As an employee, when is it inappropriate to request to see your young/startup company's financial statements? If you approach the request professionally, directly, and briefly it is not inappropriate to request to see the financial statements. It is also suggested to keep the request vague to avoid pushing for specific information that may not be disclosed. what are the risks of working at a startup? Working at a startup can involve several risks. One of the primary risks is the possibility of the business failing, which could result in your shares becoming worthless. There is also a risk that if the startup succeeds, the financial rewards may not be evenly distributed among employees. Additionally, startups often require long working hours and high levels of responsibility, and there may be a risk of job security as the company grows and hires new employees. Can capital expenses for volunteer purposes be deducted from income? Indeed you can't deduct the value of your time or services, including the  value of income lost while you work as an unpaid volunteer for a qualified organization. You can only deduct  what something cost  even if you had done volunteer work for a charity as a sole prop you could only deduct your actual costs. If you paid an employee to do charity work or to learn something related to the business that would be deductible as a normal business expense. It would be impossible for the IRS to determine the value of your time and it would open the tax system to an enormous amount of fraud (think of being able to make up time spent or writing off time spent volunteering at a soup kitchen or any other charity). Nevertheless, you can write off expenses you have involved in doing the work, equipment and supplies used to do the work along with any wages you paid an employee or contractor to do said work. In other words, charitable donations, capital expenses or my time could be make my taxesa lower, right? There are some tax-deductible options related to charitable activities. However, it's important to clarify that you cannot deduct the value of your time or services, including the income lost while working as an unpaid volunteer for a qualified organization. This includes charitable donations of time or services. However, you can deduct actual costs associated with volunteering, such as expenses for equipment, supplies, or wages paid to employees or contractors for work related to the charity. If you have donated items like a published book that you authored (not specifically written for the organization), you might be able to deduct its fair market value. In summary, while you cannot directly deduct the value of your time or services, you can deduct certain expenses related to charitable activities, which may help lower your tax burden.  In fact, tax deductions allow you to give to charities from your gross salary, not your net salary. The Charitable donations can be deducted from your income, and in that way make your taxable income lower, hence lower taxes. what kind of organizations could I do donate some money and help me to pay less taxes. To lower your taxable income through charitable donations, you should consider donating to organizations that are qualified for tax-deductible contributions, making sure the giving money  will be used for the specific goal the charity declared, and that's the way for you to funnel money to the goals of your preference/choice.  For example, you can donate money to your temple, to a church for the building fund, to a hospital to buy a new x-ray machine, orphanage ,a gay rights organization , to  Red Cross for a specific disaster or even donate money to to the scouts for a new dining hall, etc. assets In fact, depending on the size of the donation, you may be able to reduce taxes further by donating appreciated assets, such as stock, bonds, or mutual fund shares that have gone up a lot. That lets you dodge the capital gains tax on redeeming the shares, and if you're donating to a tax-exempt organization they don't have to pay that tax either. When you donate, you should talk to the charity about what's best. Sometimes it is better than donate cash.  You get to both (a) donate untaxed money and then (b) deduct that unrealized money from your income total on your tax return. No special advance planning necessary. Note that your tax consequences could be more complicated depending on your exact situation. By the way, if I do a donation in cash for a foreigner organization, could it be used as tax deduction? I do not have specific information about donation to an organization  outside of the US related to taxes deduction. However, in UK  you can set up a CAF (Charities Aid foundation) Charity Account. This allows you to donate to charities anonymously, while still allowing the recipient to benefit from Gift Aid (where they can reclaim the income tax you'd paid on the donation). You can even use this account to donate to overseas charities if you're donating at least £250. Or you can use a different intermediary such as BT MyDonate or The Big Give or another intermediary.In general, If you living in the U.S if you are donating this money to charity, you would have to declare the income, and then declare a deduction for the charitable contribution. What the most i can donate and declare  as charitable contribution? At least on 25K. Accordingly to  IRS publication, the limits depend on the types of organization you're donating to, and the types of property you're donating. Some donations may be limited to the maximum of 20% of your AGI. Bottom line - the maximum you can deduct in almost all circumstances would be 50% of the AGI (very few exceptions allow deducting up to 100% of your AGI). Worth mentioning that whatever you cannot deduct this year - you can roll over to the next year. Nevertheless is good to note that for many people, giving to charity will have minimal effect on their taxes. tips for starting my own