Glad to be of assistance. Name the sources of light pollution that affect skywatching. Light pollution is caused by stray light from various human activities, including parking lots, sport complexes, street lights, and other sources. This scattered light makes it difficult to observe fainter stars and the Milky Way in the night sky. The larger and more developed a city is, the more light pollution it tends to produce, and the effect decreases the farther away you travel from a city. free viewing Astronomy clubs often host public viewings and events. You can find events and other skywatching resources via the NASA Night Sky Network. is it bad for health? I can't find any information about whether light pollution is bad for your health. do i need any equipment While binoculars or a telescope can enhance your skywatching experience, they are not necessary to get started. You can use your own eyes to see stars, bright planets, the Moon, comets, and shooting stars. what do I need for an eclipse? To safely view a solar eclipse, you will need solar viewing or "eclipse" glasses, which are much darker than regular sunglasses and block most of the Sun's light. It is also recommended to use special filters over the lenses of cameras, telescopes, or binoculars when looking at the Sun. You can also use an indirect viewing method, such as a pinhole projector, which projects an image of the Sun onto a nearby surface. It is safe to look at the Moon with unprotected eyes or through a telescope during all types and during all stages of a lunar eclipse. how can I make the projector? To make a pinhole projector for viewing a solar eclipse, you will need two pieces of white card stock, aluminum foil, tape, and a pin, paper clip, or pencil. First, cut a 1-inch to 2-inch square or rectangular hole in the middle of one of the pieces of card stock. Tape a piece of aluminum foil over the hole. Then, flip over the paper and use your pin, paper clip, or pencil to poke a small hole in the aluminum foil. To make your projection a bit more defined, try putting the bottom piece of card stock in a shadowed area while you hold the other piece in the sunlight. I meant for a lunar eclipse You don't need to make a pinhole projector for a lunar eclipse. Unlike a solar eclipse, it is safe to look at the Moon with unprotected eyes or through a telescope during all types and during all stages of a lunar eclipse. why is it safe It is safe to look at the Moon during a lunar eclipse because the Moon does not produce its own light, but instead reflects sunlight. I'm still nervous Looking directly at the Moon during a lunar eclipse is generally considered safe. The concern with solar eclipses is that looking directly at the Sun can cause serious eye damage, which is why special precautions are needed. What is Red Hat OpenShift? Red Hat OpenShift is a Kubernetes container platform that offers a reliable environment for running enterprise workloads. It enhances the Kubernetes platform with built-in software to improve application lifecycle development, operations, and security. IBM sets up and assists in managing a cluster of worker nodes equipped with the OpenShift Container Platform container orchestration software. Red Hat OpenShift enables you to deploy your workloads consistently across hybrid cloud providers and environments. What benefits does it offer? Red Hat OpenShift allows you to efficiently manage and expand your Red Hat OpenShift workloads across on-premises and off-premises clouds, creating a portable, hybrid solution that functions consistently in multi-cloud scenarios. It enhances the Kubernetes platform with integrated software designed to improve application lifecycle management, operations, and security. You can seamlessly deploy your workloads across hybrid cloud providers and environments, as the platform efficiently orchestrates containerized workloads across a cluster of nodes. Leveraging Kubernetes as the core container orchestration engine, it effectively manages the Docker container images and their lifecycle. How does OpenShift help? Red Hat OpenShift on IBM Cloud is a managed offering that provides a user-friendly experience and robust security for rapid app delivery. It allows you to integrate with IBM Watson®, AI, IoT, DevOps, security, and data analytics cloud services. As a certified Kubernetes provider, Red Hat OpenShift on IBM Cloud includes intelligent scheduling, self-healing, horizontal scaling, service discovery and load balancing, automated rollouts and rollbacks, and secret and configuration management. This Kubernetes container platform offers a reliable environment for running enterprise workloads and extends the Kubernetes platform with built-in software for app lifecycle development, operations, and security. With Red Hat OpenShift, you can deploy your workloads consistently across hybrid cloud providers and environments. Developers can quickly and securely containerize and deploy enterprise workloads in Kubernetes clusters using Red Hat OpenShift on IBM Cloud. These clusters are built on Kubernetes container orchestration, providing consistency and flexibility for development lifecycle operations. Do I need scripts? Yes. Custom scripts are extension points in the pipeline where adopters, teams, and users can provide scripts to run custom tasks needed for their continuous integration and deployment strategies. These custom scripts control the pipeline stages. You can configure the behavior of stages, script content, and the base image that runs the scripts using a configuration file (pipeline-config.yaml). The scripts and configuration for pipeline stages are loaded from a Git repository (repo), which can be either the application (app) repo (similar to .travis.yml or Jenkinsfile) or a custom repo. When any of the custom scripts start, the complete URL of the custom script file, including the file name and the commit hash, is printed at the beginning of the pipeline logs as follows: "The custom script can be viewed using the following link: 'https://<URL>/blob/<commit hash>/.pipeline-config.yaml'". This improves traceability. The scripts are designed to create a new VPC and install the SAP (SAP NW 7.x release) solution and its dedicated DB SAP HANA box in one task flow. They create a Schematics workspace for you where you can view your script logs and the resources that are provisioned. What is the typical down payment amount for a mortgage?