Ideally, a 20% down payment is suggested when buying a house. The idea behind this is that if someone can't save 1/5 of the cost of a house, they might not be responsible enough to ensure loan repayment. Additionally, by putting down 20%, you can avoid paying costly private mortgage insurance (PMI). 15- or 30-year mortgage? The choice between a 15-year and 30-year mortgage depends on your financial situation and goals. A 15-year mortgage will typically have a lower interest rate and you'll pay off your house faster, but your monthly payments will be higher. A 30-year mortgage will have higher interest rates and you'll pay more in interest over the life of the loan, but your monthly payments will be lower. If you can afford the higher monthly payments, a 15-year mortgage may be a good choice to save money in the long run. However, if you need the lower monthly payments to afford a house, a 30-year mortgage may be a better option. What happens if I stop making my mortgage payments? Mortgage holders sign a promissory note, a promise to pay. But the contract explicitly details the penalty for nonpayment — surrender of the property. The borrower isn't escaping the consequences; he is suffering them from a purely financial standpoint. If you look at the downsides of walking away, The issues with the credit rating are well known, but you need to consider any open lines of credit you currently have and any need you might have to open a line of credit in the future. 401(k) and IRA accounts are not at risk when you default on a mortgage, even in states that aren't non-recourse. The bank cannot go after you in states where mortgages are non-recourse loans. They get the keys, and whatever they recover from the house sale is it. How should I understand the value that a home provides? A home is an investment, but the value it provides isn't primarily financial. Instead, it offers consumption value as a place to live. This sets it apart from other types of investments. While you may experience some capital gains, typically in line with inflation, they are not guaranteed, and it's not easy to realize them without selling the house and moving. Essentially, there are two ways to benefit from an appreciating asset like a home: (a) Sell it and take the profit. However, if you still need a place to live, this doesn't really benefit you unless you buy a cheaper home to replace it. What are the tax implications of gifting a house or gifting money for a down payment? Gift taxes kick in at around $14K per giver per recipient per year. That means a straight-up gift of $200K (as cash or a house) will incur a tax. If the father has a spouse, he and the spouse could each give the mother and each child the total gift limit. Put the house in your name right from the get-go. He gives you the money, but you sign over a promissory note to him so that you net less than $14000 (gift tax annual exclusion for the calendar year). He can give everyone in your household 14k per year tax-free, which he could give you and your partner in less than seven years. Should we switch to a different method for installing the mobile SDK, considering the current approach's limitations?