Yes, if you have Medi-Cal, you can receive free COVID-19 tests. You can visit the MyTurn.ca.gov to find more resources for testing. how long will it take for me to get the testing result back? Testing results vary widely, depending on where you get tested and what lab the test is sent to. Some places usually have test results in about 3 to 4 days. PCR tests can take up to 3 days to return results, while antigen tests typically provide results in 15-30 minutes. However, the document also notes that antigen tests may be less likely to detect the virus than PCR tests, especially when symptoms are not present. Sometimes testing results generally take two to 12 days, as it takes time to ship the samples and for labs to process the tests. However, some facilities with their own labs or nearby facilities may provide results in as little as 24 hours. It is recommended to consult with your healthcare provider for more specifics regarding the testing location you chose. I am not sure what to do if my covid test result is positive A positive COVID-19 test means the virus was detected and you have or recently had an infection. Seek health care right away for treatment if you have risk factors for severe illness. Treatment needs to be started within a few days of when your symptoms begin. A positive at-⁠home test result means that the test found the virus, and you very likely have COVID-⁠19.If you test positive, follow the latest CDC guidance for isolation. Treatments for COVID-19 are now widely available. If you have any signs of emergency, call 911 or get help right away. can you clarify the treatments here? Do I take medicine? There is no cure for COVID-19 at this time. But there are treatments for COVID-19. Talk to your health care provider before taking any medications to prevent or treat COVID-19. You can also resources to plan meals on a budget, cook at home safely, and find food assistance during the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) pandemic. how did I get covid tho... Unfortunately I am not able to give you an exact answer to how you got infected. However, the droplets that contain the  virus are released when someone with COVID-19 sneezes, coughs, or talks. People can then become infected with COVID-19 from touching hands, objects or surfaces with droplets and then touching their eyes, nose, or mouth. how can I prevent myself and family from covid? Vaccination is the best protection. The CDC recommends that you get vaccinated even if you have already had COVID-19. You can also take booster shot. Is the covid vaccine safe? any side-effect? Yes, COVID-19 vaccines have been thoroughly tested for safety and efficacy. They have undergone at least three phases of clinical trials. The vaccines have been proven to help protect against COVID-19 and reduce the risk of severe illness and death. Like any vaccine or medication, the COVID-19 vaccines can cause side effects, although most are mild and short-lived. Common side effects include a sore arm where the shot was given, headache, chills, fever, and Tiredness. These side effects usually go away on their own within a few days. Also, people can have allergic reactions to any medication or biological product, such as a vaccine. how does covid vaccine work? The COVID-19 vaccines work by teaching our bodies how to make a protein that triggers an immune response. This immune response helps our bodies recognize and fight the virus. COVID-19 vaccines injects a harmless piece of the virus or using a gene from the virus. None of these methods can cause COVID-19. The mRNA vaccines, in particular, do not alter your DNA. Instead, they work outside of your cell's nucleus (where your DNA is kept) and teach your cells how to make the protein that triggers the immune response. Once your cells have finished using the instructions, they break down the mRNA and get rid of it. Alternative means of salary for my employees