There are different ways to consider salary compensation besides the traditional gross salary. Total compensation includes salary and bonuses, as well as the cost or value of employer-paid healthcare, retirement, company cars, expense accounts, stock options, and other valuable goods or services. Additionally, the total employee cost is generally double the gross cash compensation (salary + bonuses) and includes employer-paid payroll taxes and practical costs like the cost of your computer, cubicle or office furniture, and the portion of utility costs that keep you well-lit, clean and comfortable. It's also important to consider the cost of living in the area where your employees live, as this can significantly impact the actual value of their salaries. For example, $100k in California may not go as far as $100k in other parts of the U.S. Finally, it's worth noting that salary pay does not directly translate to hourly wages, as salaried employees are compensated for a week of work, which may require more or less than 40 hours. Do employers need to report their employee's salaries and withhold money for income tax purposes? Yes. In many countries, employers are required to report their employee's salaries and withhold a portion for income tax, which is commonly known as "pay as you earn," "withholding taxes," or taxing "at the source." Your employer uses the W4 form in the USA to determine how much to withhold from your wages. If you leave everything at default, your salary is your only taxable income, and you only benefit from default deductions. Your employer will calculate your tax withholding based on this information. When you start a new job, your employer will typically ask you to fill out a tax form such as the W-4 Employee's Withholding Allowance Certificate so they can withhold the correct federal income tax from your wages. If your employer doesn't do this, you are responsible for calculating and filing your income taxes, especially if you are self-employed, an independent contractor, or paid under the table. If your employer is reputable, they will provide you with additional information, usually in February. You must file your taxes correctly before the IRS tax deadline, generally April 15th for most people. Do I have to worry about money in my bank account? Unless you have a significant amount in your bank savings account earning interest, you won't have to pay any sort of tax on money in your bank account. If you do earn enough taxable interest, the bank will send you the proper forms to file your taxes. In that case, could you please explain why I still have to pay income tax? In the U.S., most salaries are expressed as "gross salaries" before individual taxes are deducted. You must report all income from work, regardless of whether you save, spend, or keep it aside. This includes income from non-tax-advantaged accounts, as well as any gains or losses and dividends received. Gains and losses are realized when you actually sell, and is the difference between the price you bought for, and the price you sold for. Gains are taxed at the capital gains rate, either short-term or long-term depending on how long you owned the stock What deductions can I claim to reduce my taxable income? The number of allowances you can claim is calculated by dividing your total deductions by the personal exemptions for the tax year. In 2015, the standard deduction for a married couple filing jointly is $12,600, and each person gets a personal exemption of $4,000. If your deductions exceed the standard deduction, you can subtract property taxes from your income. For example, if your income is $95,000, after taking into account the standard deduction of $12,600 and $8,000 in exemptions, your taxable income would be just under $10,000, unless you have additional undisclosed income. The most common tax credit for most people is student loan interest. If you pay $500 in student loan interest, that sum is subtracted from your tax bill. Is it possible to build a dialog skill in a language other than English?