In Madison County, NY., the bin for composting should be at least 3x3x3 feet in size. can you please explain the steps for composting at home? Sure, I'd be happy to explain the steps for composting at home as outlined by Madison County, NY. Step 1: Pick Out A Bin - The bin should be at least 3x3x3 feet in size. The location can affect how fast your compost dries out or holds water. A closed bin is recommended to keep critters out. If you use a closed bin, add a shovel full of soil from the ground. Keep your bin somewhere convenient to use and access. Step 2: Gather Materials - Browns are higher in carbon, and greens are higher in nitrogen. The optimal ratio is 3 parts brown to 1 part green. Avoid feces from cats and dogs, invasive plants, weed seeds, oil, fats, plastics, or non-organic matter. Gather kitchen waste in a container by your sink. Step 3: Maintain - If you have an open bin, layer some small sticks and twigs at the bottom to help with air and drainage. Layer your browns and greens, imagining you're making a bowl for your greens to lay in the middle and then adding more browns on top. Keep your compost at 40-60% water content, like a wrung out sponge. Turning helps a pile break down faster and ensures oxygen is present. Step 4: Harvest and More! - You will know when your compost is done when it has an earthy smell and looks like rich dark soil. If you do not fully turn the pile, your finished compost will be at the bottom of the pile. If you're running out of browns, shredded newspaper, paper towel, and toilet paper rolls make good brown additions. For more resources, you can check out www.compost.css.cornell.edu, www.epa.gov/recycle/composting-home, and www.dec.ny.gov/ compost temperature requirement The optimal temperature range for beneficial microorganisms in a compost pile is between 131 to 160 degrees Fahrenheit. This temperature range promotes rapid decomposition and destroys pathogens and weed seeds. Pile temperatures must remain at 131 degrees Fahrenheit or above for several days to meet standards for reducing pathogens. The exact amount of time depends on the method of composting. Controlling the oxygen, moisture, pile structure, and nutrient balance helps achieve the optimal temperature range in a compost pile. The ideal temperature for a vermicomposting system is 55 to 80 degrees Fahrenheit. Speaking of personal income tax