I do not have much information about VA has its own procurement resources, the OGS has centralized statewide contracts, a Purchaser Notification Service (PNS), the 1122 Program, and other procurement resources. Of course VA is federal !! Yes. You are correct! The VA is a federal department of the United States government. any advantage to a women owned company?? The Office of General Services (OGS) promotes participation by minority and women-owned businesses in state contracting opportunities through its Minority and Women-Owned Business Enterprise (M/WBE) program. This program encourages and supports the involvement of women-owned businesses in procurement activities. anything for vets? Yes, there are programs specifically for Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Businesses (SDVOBs). In 2014, New York State passed Executive Law Article 17-B, which aims at greater inclusion of service-disabled veterans within New York State's economy. The VA also has a Service-Disabled Veteran-Owned Business (SDVOSB) Verification Program to help verify businesses for potential contracting opportunities. Along with, is there any effort conserving environment through the program? Yes, the Office of General Services (OGS) has a Green Purchasing Preferred Sources program, which encourages the use of environmentally friendly products and services in state contracting. Are the Lite pricing plans available with all account types in IBM Cloud Yes, Lite pricing plans are available with all account types in IBM Cloud. You can have one instance of a Lite plan for each service. For more information about Lite accounts, you can refer to the Account types documentation. What is it? The Lite plan is a free service plan with usage quotas. You can use the Lite plan to develop an app without any charges. The plan may be renewed monthly or used as a one-time offer. Lite pricing plans are accessible for all account types, and you can have one instance of a Lite plan for each service. What is an account? Your IBM Cloud account consists of various interconnected components and systems for managing resources, users, and access. Understanding how these components are linked and how access functions will help you set up your account effectively. An IBM Cloud account is necessary for provisioning and managing IBM Cloud services that are part of the IBM Cloud for Financial Services reference architectures. In addition to outlining the high-level steps to follow, we will also describe some best practices for setting up your account that will assist you in meeting the requirements of the IBM Cloud Framework for Financial Services. We will also provide the most relevant control requirements. How can I create one? To sign up for an IBM Cloud account, you can use an existing IBMid or create a new one. Simply go to the IBM Cloud login page and click on "Create an IBM Cloud account." Then, enter your IBMid email address. If you don't have an existing IBMid, an ID will be created based on the email you enter. Complete the remaining fields with your information. You will be prompted to provide your credit card information to verify your identity and secure your account. It's important to note that you can try out IBM Cloud for free and only pay for the billable services that you choose to use, with no long-term contracts or commitments. After filling out the information, click "Create account" and then confirm your account by clicking the link in the confirmation email sent to your provided email address. Finally, you can see the "Account types" section to compare and choose an account type that suits your needs. How many megabytes can I use each month? If you signed up for a Lite account before 12 August 2021, you can use a limited number of free buildpacks and Cloud Foundry apps with up to 256 MB of free instantaneous runtime memory per month. If you created a Lite account before 25 October 2021, your account doesn't expire, and you can access IBM Cloud services for free with select Lite plans, which are marked with a Lite tag in the catalog. To access all Free plans, you can upgrade to a Pay-As-You-Go account by adding your credit card information. Do I need to purchase it with other products?