How many types does it offer? When you sign up with IBM Cloud®, you will be given a Pay-As-You-Go account. While you need to provide your credit card details for security and identity verification, you can still enjoy using IBM Cloud for free by choosing products from the catalog that have Free and Lite pricing plans. Another account option is the Subscription account, which offers many of the same features as the Pay-As-You-Go account, along with discounts for platform services and consistent billing through subscriptions. Educational institutions may want to provide IBM Cloud accounts to their students so they can gain practical skills by working on projects that utilize IBM Cloud services. For these institutions, such as traditional universities or online learning platforms, it is possible to group accounts by department or subject area and create accounts for each course. Within each account, students can create resources to develop their projects and collaborate with their peers in the same account. The university will have a comprehensive view of the costs associated with each department and course. Enterprise When using IBM Cloud, businesses and organizations can utilize the Enterprise account type, which is specifically tailored for their needs. Enterprises provide a centralized way to manage billing and resource usage across multiple accounts. Within an enterprise, a multitiered hierarchy of accounts can be created, with billing and payments managed at the enterprise level. To establish an enterprise, one must be the account owner or hold the Administrator role on the Billing account management service. It's important to note that creating an enterprise from an account and importing existing accounts cannot be undone. It's crucial to carefully plan the enterprise structure to align with your organization's requirements. Support The level of support assigned to an IBM Cloud enterprise defaults to the highest support plan within the enterprise. All child accounts within the enterprise also default to the highest support plan. There is a single invoice for all usage within the enterprise, making it easier to understand costs. Additionally, there is a single place to manage payment methods, allowing you to update once for all accounts. Enterprises provide top-down usage reporting, allowing you to track the costs of resource usage from all accounts in the enterprise. At the enterprise level, you can navigate within the enterprise structure to see the estimated usage costs within each account or account group. At the account level, enterprise users can view costs for each type of resource or service in the account. Enterprise administrators can provide granular access to users, enabling them to view usage only for certain account groups or accounts. You can track resource and support costs from accounts in your IBM Cloud® enterprise by viewing their usage. The accounts and account groups that you can view usage for depend on your assigned access. Do common stocks and preferred stocks have any differences in terms of percentage of the company per unit they represent? Yes, common stocks and preferred stocks have differences in terms of what they represent per unit. Common stocks typically represent ownership in a company and usually come with voting rights. On the other hand, preferred stocks usually do not come with voting rights but offer more consistent dividends and have a higher claim on assets and earnings than common stocks in case of liquidation. However, neither common nor preferred stocks necessarily represent a specific percentage of the company per unit, as the value of each share can vary based on factors such as the company's performance and market conditions. where to purchase those? Preferred stocks are traded on the market, similar to common stocks. You can buy them using a brokerage account. Tax-wise, how does it work? Purchasing stock doesn't affect your immediate taxes, however, selling stock has tax effects; if you sell the stocks for a profit, you will have a capital gain, which is subject to capital gains tax. If you sell them for a loss, you can use that to offset other capital gains or potentially deduct a certain amount from your taxable income.  It would be beneficial to consult with a tax professional or financial advisor to understand the tax implications better. Regarding the "zero dividend preference shares," they are designed to deliver gains as capital gains rather than income. This feature can be useful for tax efficiency, especially when making use of the annual capital gains tax allowance. However, these types of shares may have gone out of fashion due to a scandal around the year 2000. designate into a trust Designating stocks into a trust can have different tax and legal implications depending on the type of trust and the jurisdiction. Generally, the trust becomes the owner of the assets, and any income generated by the stocks would be reported under the trust's tax identification number.  Interest in Possession Trusts and Income Tax Trustees are responsible for declaring and paying Income Tax on income received by the trust. The tax rate depends on the type of income, for example, in the 2014 to 2015 tax year, UK dividends are taxed at the dividend ordinary rate of 10%. Does being active affect how kids do in school? How? Yes, being active can positively influence children's academic performance. Children who get enough physical activity tend to have an easier time focusing, perform better on tests, and exhibit improvements in memory, flexible thinking, and self-control. Encouraging kids to participate in sports or family activities that involve movement can contribute to these benefits as kids need physical activity to grow up strong and healthy.  A good night of sleep also help their mood and  get better grades. Does physical activity increase a child's attention span? Yes, physical activity can increase a child's attention span. Children who get enough physical activity often find it easier to focus, which can lead to better test performance and improved memory, flexible thinking, and self-control. Encouraging children to engage in regular physical activity, such as sports or family games that involve movement, can contribute to these benefits. How much physical activity a day is recommended for children? It is recommended that children should get at least one hour of physical activity each day. This can include activities like running, biking, hiking, or assisting with chores, as well as indoor exercises. Regular physical activity can help children perform better in school, sleep better, and improve their mood. How to avoid child obesity? To help prevent child obesity, encourage your kids to engage in regular physical activity for at least one hour a day. This can include various activities like running, biking, hiking, playing sports, or even helping with chores. Help  your children understand why physical activity is important. Additionally, limit their screen time and promote healthy eating habits by providing nutritious meals and snacks. How to keep children safe during physical activity. I do not have specific information on safety measures during physical activity for children. However, access to safe places to play and walk, such as parks, safe streets, trails, and green ways  is important for physical activity. I swimming a popular activity for children? I do not have  specific information on swimming be a popular activity for children.  However it is important to note that you should never let children swim unattended. Why could the serious financial woes of some EU member states lead to the end of the Euro? The Euro will collapse because Spain, Italy, Portugal and Greece will have to default on their debt. In order to keep up with current payments they have to take emergency loans at the same time that their economies are in recession and demands on social programs are increasing. There is simply no way that they can cut enough spending and raise enough revenue to balance their budgets. That is not opinion, it is arithmetic. If they cannot pay their loans they will either voluntarily leave the Euro, or they will be forced out. Next comes France who also has a large and growing budget deficit and a large public debt. It is unsustainable. That which is unsustainable will end. The last reason that the Euro will fail and that it will be soon is Germany. Up to now, all the bailouts of Ireland, Portugal, Italy, Greece and Spain have come predominantly from Germany. In order to float the Eurobonds that some idiots think might save Europe, the German people have to authorize their government to participate and thereby take on another mountain of debt. The German people will not vote for that authorization. But those countries are no longer in recession. I do not have any other information on whether Spain, Italy, Portugal and Greece are still in recession. Is there any evidence that what you said about France above is true? The only citation I have about France having a large and growing budget deficit and a large public debt that is unsustainable. Does Germany have a strong economy? Germany's economy has been very strong over the past decade. It has a very extremely diversified economy. It does not depend primarily upon oil exports like other countries, but rather on very complex machinery and other finished products.  Additionally Germany currently are in control of al lot of countries debts (especially Ireland) which means that they will become the main players in decisions regarding the proliferation/faltering of the European economy in the future. ok, diversified is good.