Anything else I can help with? Is that the reason why it keeps bailing the other countries? I do not have enough information to form an opinion about that. Is there an advantage for why Germany keeps doing this? Here are some advantages: Germany currently are in control of a lot of countries debts (especially Ireland) which means that they will become the main players in decisions regarding the proliferation/faltering of the european economy in the future. Some disadvantages include: In order to float the Eurobonds that some people think might save Europe, the German people have to authorize their government to participate and thereby take on another mountain of debt. What happens if Germany stops bailing them out? Greece will officially default when Germany stops bailing them out. Spain is in the exact same situation, just about a year behind. They haven't technically defaulted yet, but they will. They're receiving bailout after bailout and the Greece situation only makes their interest rates worse. Italy is just barely behind Spain, the Greek default followed by the Spanish default will send Italian interest rates through the roof dooming them to the same fate. Where can people report a scam that they have been affected by? To report a scam, you can report the incident to TIGTA and to phishing@irs.gov (Subject: FAX). Additionally, if you have been a victim of monetary or identity theft, you may also file a complaint with the Internet Crime Complaint Center. If you are a U.S. citizen located in the United States or its territories or a U.S. citizen living abroad: complete the appropriate complaint form with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Forward email to phishing@irs.gov (Subject: Stock). If you are not a U.S. citizen and reside outside the United States, complete the appropriate complaint form with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Contact your securities regulator and file a complaint. Forward email to phishing@irs.gov (Subject: Stock). How should I avoid to be a  victim of spam texts and emails? The best way to avoid being a victim of spam texts and emails, it is  never share your personal information, especially your Social Security number, with someone who reaches out to you unexpectedly. Unsubscribe from unwanted emails to reduce the chances of clicking on links that could lead to a phishing attack. Also report unwanted messages using your phone's "report junk" option or forwarding them to 7726 (SPAM) for texts and to your email provider for unwanted emails. Educate yourself by  learning more about how to get fewer spam texts and emails.  If you spot a scam, report it to the FTC at ReportFraud.ftc.gov. Additionally, before entering personal information on a website, email, or text chain, stop and ask yourself why they need this information and what's going to happen to it. Always be cautious when dealing with unsolicited messages. Speaking about scams, what are currently the most common scams and frauds? Lottery and sweepstakes scams are one of the most common consumer frauds operating today.  You get a card, call, or email telling you that you won. Then  they tell you there is a fee, some taxes, or customs duties to pay. They ask for your bank account information, or ask you to send money via a wire transfer or to purchase gift cards and provide the card numbers. Government Impostor scams  are also very common : You get a text, call, or email from someone who says they are with the government. They may claim to be a U.S. Marshal, saying you must pay a fine for missing jury duty. Or the IRS, saying that you owe thousands in back taxes. Another scam that you must be alert occurs  when someone gets an email or most often a phone call and the caller begins speaking very quickly about common computer issues that slow performance or even potential hacks to your system. There are imposter scammers  that try to convince you to send money by pretending to be someone you know or trust like a sheriff, local, state, or federal government employee, or charity organization. Today, phishing  is very common . the scammer  impersonates a business or a person to trick you into giving out your personal information, such as passwords, credit card numbers, or bank account information. A scammer may use fraudulent emails, texts, or websites to steal this information from you. Mortage scams Mortgage scams are schemes that can take your money, your house by making a false promise of saving you from foreclosure. These scammers may ask for money upfront and claim to guarantee that you can get your mortgage terms changed. To prevent those scams, you can use a fraud alert , reducing the chance to be a victim of new account identity theft. This way, creditors must check your credit report to take steps to verify your identity before opening a new account, issuing an additional card, or increasing the credit limit on an existing account. What are the most people targeted by the scammers? Indeed scammer target everyone but some vulnerable ones like older adults and senior citizens are often more their victims . The imposter scammers try to convince those people to send money by pretending to be someone they know or trust like a sheriff, local, state, or federal government employee, or charity organization. Residence is targeted by Contractors. The contractors may offer to perform a free inspection, then claim that a serious problem such as faulty wiring, bad plumbing, or a leaky roof, will put you in danger. I can see that there are a lot kinds of scams out there. I wonder if those scammers are already targeting  people in their taxes to IRS. Yes, indeed scammers also do target individuals during tax season with the intention of defrauding them. In fact the IRS and Security Summit partners alert taxpayers to be on the lookout for unscrupulous tax preparers who could encourage people to file false tax returns and steal valuable personal information. The Internal Revenue Service  warns taxpayers as well about groups masquerading as charitable organizations to attract donations from unsuspecting contributors. Additionally the IRS  alerts the taxpayers to stay away from "helpful" scammers offering to set up an Online Account IR-2024-87. IRS advises to watch out for  scammers attempting to sell or offer help setting up an Online Account on IRS.gov.  and be aware of evolving phishing and smishing scams designed to steal sensitive taxpayer information. companies target by scammers Scammers not only target individuals but also companies. For instance there are a lot schemes involving W-2s IR-2017-10. The IRS, states and Tax Industry Renew alert about Form W-2 Scam targeting Payroll, Human Resource Departments , Schools, Restaurants, Hospitals and also tribal groups. Since 2016, phishing@irs.gov has received emails from organizations that have been targeted by the business email compromise (BEC) / business email spoofing (BES) W-2 scam. There are multiple variants of this scam (e.g., fake invoice, gift card, wire transfer, title/escrow, etc.) . By the away, is there a time of year when there are more scams? The scammers send fake package shipment and delivery notifications to try to steal people's personal information not just at the holidays, but all year long. Going back to the tax rates, I'm in the US — could you give me the rates here? In the US, short-term capital gains and ordinary dividends are presently taxed at the same rates. The Bush tax cuts reduced the dividend tax rate from 28% to 15-20% but in 2011 budget resolution included an increase in the top tax rate on dividends to 39.6%.    At the individual level, depending on the State, most people are taxed at the regular income rate typically 25-33%. anything on loss? Yes, there are provisions for losses in stock trading. If you have incurred a loss, you can take advantage of it through tax loss harvesting. This involves selling the stock at a loss and then buying it back after a 30-day waiting period. The loss can be used to offset other capital gains or potentially deduct a certain amount from your taxable income. It's important to note that there are rules and limitations to this strategy, such as the wash sale rule, which prohibits repurchasing the same or a substantially identical security within 30 days before or after the sale. FIFO or LIFO? The choice between the First-In-First-Out (FIFO) and Last-In-First-Out (LIFO) methods for determining which shares are sold first when you sell shares of a stock you own can have different tax implications. Under the FIFO method, the oldest shares are considered sold first and pay lower capital gains tax rate instead of the short term marginal rate.  Under the LIFO method, the most recently acquired shares are sold first.    If you're selling at loss and have other short term gains, you would probably be better selling LIFO, so that the loss could offset other short term gains that you might have.  The default is FIFO. That's a complicated book keeping! Yes, the choice between FIFO and LIFO can indeed complicate the bookkeeping process.  If you instruct your broker to sell shares purchased in specific lots, they can do that.  Brokers now are required to keep track of cost basis and report it to the IRS on the 1099-B.  Also, business bookkeeping services may help you in all aspect of managing your accounts and financial data within the accounting software such as QuickBooks, MYOB, and Peachtree. How can I obtain a replacement for my lost New York boating safety certificate? You can order a replacement for your lost New York boating safety certificate online at https://www.ilostmycard.com/. However, if you lost temporary certificates, the temporary certificates cannot be replaced. Additionally, please note that NYS can only issue replacement certificates for the NY Safe Boating Course. do I have to have Boating safety certificates ? In New York, anyone operating a Personal Watercraft (JetSki™, Wave Runner™, etc.) must have a boating safety certificate and be at least 14 years of age or older. Starting in 2024, if you are operating any other type of motorized boat, you will need a safety certificate if you were born on or after January 1, 1978. Starting in 2025, all operators of motorized vessels, regardless of age, will be required to have a safety certificate. However, if you are renting a boat, you do not need a safety certificate if you are at least 18 years old, although the livery must demonstrate how to properly use the boat before renting it. Persons under the age of 18 may only rent a motorboat if they hold a safety certificate. I need to register my boat and boat trailer You can either register your boat online or call the DMV at (518) 486-9786. Note that if your boat is powered by a motor (electric or fuel-driven), it must be registered, regardless of the size of the craft or the motor. Can I use my NY safety certificate in other states? Yes, the New York Safe Boating Certificate is nationally accredited and valid in other states and Canada. However, the Adventure License is not acceptable proof of a safe boating certificate outside of New York State. how much is the class and what type of payment do you accept? The cost of the boating safety course may vary, but students 18 years of age and older will be required to pay a $10 fee to NYS for issuance of a permanent boating safety certificate. Payment for certificates (both first time and replacement) must be made online at <https://www.ilostmycard.com/>. Please note that no cash or personal checks are accepted. If you require an alternative payment method, you must email [Boating@parks.ny.gov](mailto:Boating@parks.ny.gov). do I still need to get a New York State Boating Safety Certificate if I have certificate from other parties? The certificate from the US Coast Guard Auxiliary, the US Power Squadron/America’s Boating Club, or US Powerboating is a boating safety certificate recognized as acceptable by New York State. tell me some information about New York State Adventure License Program, please? You can turn your NYS driver license into an “adventure license” by adding your lifetime sporting and recreation privileges.  Students successfully completing the on-line course are also eligible to apply for the Adventure License. The New York State Adventure License Program allows eligible individuals to have their driver's license, non-driver ID, or learner's permit indicate completion of the New York Safe Boating Course. This icon is only available for licenses and IDs issued by the NYS DMV, and DMV will automatically place the icon on the license each time it is renewed. However, a U.S. Coast Guard License cannot be listed on the Adventure License. If you move out of state, you must apply for a NY Non-Driver ID to maintain the Adventure License status. are there any safety I need to know? Boaters can prevent most accidents by learning safe boating techniques and using common sense. California boating safety courses are designed to provide boaters with state specific boating laws and federal navigation requirements in many different environments to suit individual boater needs.  It is also designed to increase boating safety on California waterways. Carrying the proper safety equipment on your boat is not only smart, it’s the law! You can find the required safety equipment for your type of boat. Are stories of turning a few thousands into millions by trading stocks real? It is important to note that trading stocks involves significant risk, and it is not recommended to invest money that you are not prepared to lose. Pump-and-dump scams are indeed very real, but the scale of a single scam isn't anywhere near the type of heist you see in movies like Trading Places. Stock market is like poker: you don't take the same risks when it is fake money and thus you don't learn the same lessons from your mistakes. Picking individual stocks and hoping for the value to go up in a relatively short time-frame is similar to gambling (rule #0: use only money that you don't need). Therefore, it is crucial to educate yourself and be smart when engaging in stock trading. Should I only invest in mutual funds? Choosing and investing in only one stock is risky. You can lower your risk by diversifying, or investing in lots of different stocks. That means investing in a mutual fund or Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs). Mutual funds, offer diversification, which can help spread risk. Index-based mutual funds invest in a broad range of securities including both stocks and bonds. I would recommend sticking to mutual funds and saving accounts for most investors. What are ETFs? An ETF is an ""Exchange Traded Fund"". It trades like a stock, on the stock market. Basically by buying one ETF, you can have ownership in the underlying companies that make up the ETF. An ETF does not track any one individual stock. It is a marketable security that tracks an index, a commodity, bonds, or a basket of assets like an index fund. ETFs can be a cost-effective way to gain exposure to a broad portfolio of investments. Like mutual funds, ETFs can offer diversification, which can help spread risk. However, unlike mutual funds, ETFs have a higher liquidity and they can be traded at any time during the trading hours. How much money do I need to invest in mutual funds or ETFs The minimum investment for mutual funds can vary depending on the fund, but it is often around $2000. However, $5000 isn't enough to give you much flexibility in achieving a balanced portfolio. For ETFs, you can invest in funds with a minimum amount subject to the fund's requirements. Keep in mind that buying and selling ETFs will cost you a commission, typically around 2-3% of your investment. When investing small amounts, you should consider the substantial toll that commissions will take on your investment. It is recommended to have at least $5000 to invest in stocks or ETFs to minimize the impact of commissions. If you have a smaller amount to invest, you might consider a Vanguard mutual fund, which will not charge commissions and will have annual expenses only slightly higher than the corresponding ETF. How do I file a complaint with the state?