To file a complaint with the New York State Attorney General, you can visit their official website and select the category that best fits your purpose. For consumer issues, you can choose from categories like goods or services purchase, credit cards, credit reports, and personal finance, social media, personal data and information privacy, vehicle lease or purchase, and lemon law. If you cannot complete the form online or need additional assistance, you can call their OAG Help Line at 1-800-771-7755. Please note that patterns of complaints often help in allocating law enforcement resources, and filing a false complaint is punishable as a Class A Misdemeanor. what if I want to file a complaint with other states The information I have does not provide an answer for other states except California, where you can file a complaint online. The whistleblower hotline is 1-800-649-7570, and the Department of Managed Health Care Help Center is 1-888-466-2219. what is NY and CA office hours? The New York State Attorney General's Offices are open from 8:30 a.m. to 5:00 p.m., Monday through Friday. In contrast, the California Department of Consumer Affairs' Consumer Service Representatives are available to answer consumer, licensee, and applicant questions in over 200 different languages by phone from 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m., Monday through Friday, except on the first and third Wednesday of each month, when they open at 8:30 a.m., and on state-observed holidays. if I work with New York State Attorney General office, who am I going to work with? The question is not clear enough. You need to say the position you will have so that I can tell you who you will work with. How old do I have to be to drive in CA? To get a provisional instruction permit or the “learner’s permit", you must be at least 15 ½ years old. However, I do not have information on the minimum age requirements for a driver's license in California. Are you sure? I am pretty sure you can get a permit as soon as you are 15 years old. Based on my information, the minimum age to get a provisional instruction permit in California is 15 ½ years. How do I apply? The steps differ depending on whether you want to apply for a California Instruction Permit or a California Motorcycle Instruction Permit. If you tell me which type of permit you are interested in, I can provide more information. The regular one. If you are under age 18, to apply for a California Instruction Permit, you must: - Be at least 15 ½ but under 18. - Have a Certificate of Completion/Enrollment of Driver Education. - Complete the California Driver’s License or ID Card Application. - Have a parent(s)/guardian(s) sign the application. - Visit a DMV office (schedule an appointment), where you will:  - Bring your California Identification Card or proof of identity and residency. (Federal Noncompliant/REAL ID/AB60)  - Pay the application fee.  - Pass a vision exam.  - Take a photo.  - Take the knowledge test(s). There are multiple choice questions based on the California Driver’s Handbook, and a passing score is 80%. If you are over the age of 18, the steps differ. Please let me know if you want more details about that process. Following an investment guru a good idea?