Following an investment guru can be a good idea if you can afford the time and are looking for more in-depth, fun investment tips. However, it's crucial to understand what you're investing in, including the company's products, and to buy stock in good companies at good prices, considering factors like price to earnings, price to revenue, and price to book. Therefore, while following an investment guru can provide valuable insights, it's essential to conduct your own research and make informed decisions based on your understanding and investment goals. Blindly following other investors, including big investors or gurus, is not recommended, as their strategies may differ from yours. Instead, consider finding someone with similar goals to help guide your investment decisions. name a few gurus I don't have a lot of information about individual investment gurus to recommend, but a classic investing guru is Benjamin Graham.  Also Warren Buffett, the CEO of Berkshire Hathaway, is certainly one, who looks for value and ignores hype, greed, and fear.  The websites like Gurufocus (<http://gurufocus.com>) may provide resources for fundamental analysis of "Intelligent Investor" style businesses which can help you identify potential investment gurus. Those gurus average return? I don't have specific information on the average returns of investment gurus. However, Warren Buffet, arguably the most successful investor ever lived, has averaged returns of around 21% throughout his 40 years in business. any online self-help? Yes, for self-service type online customers, some recommended include OptionsXpress, Marketclub.com, where you can watch and learn from experienced traders like Adam Hewison, and Corey Rosenblum's blog at blog.afraidtotrade.com that offers valuable content focusing on market internals and short-term trades. Trending123.com, run by successful trader John Lansing, provides a live daily chat room for learning from large account day traders. Additionally, seekingalpha.com gives a quick overview and offers free articles on portfolio allocation, and WorldCap which is a mobile solution to analyze global stocks at FactSet and S&P CapitalIQ. Further, YouTube channels and Google searches can help you learn about various aspects of technical analysis and trading strategies.   Remember that no matter how much you learn from others, conducting your own research and making informed decisions based on your understanding and investment goals is crucial. I meant not online trading.. but training, right? For self-help in terms of investment training, there are several online resources available. Try online workshops that are relatively cheap but give you a glimpse of a particular subject: Shaw Academy, Udemy, Khan Academy, Investopedia, etc..  For a more hands-on approach, you might consider opening a paper trading account with a brokerage like ThinkOrSwim by TDAmeritrade, which allows you to practice trading without risking real money. Additionally, joining investment clubs or groups in your community can provide opportunities for learning from experienced investors and discussing investment ideas with like-minded individuals. what is a myx amount you can accumulate for 401K The maximum amount you can contribute to a 401(k) in 2016 was $18,000. However, if you are aged 50 or more, you are allowed a catch-up of $6000 in addition to the $18,000 max deferral amount. I mean is there maximum amount I can accumulate in the account?  Or it is unlimited as far as contributions limits are kept. I do not have specific information to confirm whether there is a maximum amount you can accumulate in a 401(k) account, or whether it is unlimited as long as you adhere to the annual contribution limits. But the available information suggests that it is possible to reach $8.2 million, after 40 years, if you max out the $18,000 (2017) contribution limit and get an additional $3,000 from an employer match (for a total monthly contribution of $1750), at 9% rate of return. If I divorce, do I have to share my 401K?  an early withdrawal makes economic sense? In the event of a divorce, your 401(k) may be considered a marital asset and could be subject to division. There is a QDRO, a qualified domestic relations order whereby a judge orders this to occur.  It is a very rare circumstance where an early 401(k) withdrawal actually makes any real economic sense as you may end up in the higher income tax bracket. Remember last time we talk about New York State Attorney General office Letitia James is the 67th Attorney General for the state of New York, and she is the first woman of color to hold statewide office in New York and the first woman to be elected Attorney General. Some recent highlights: Attorney General James Secures $740,000 from Online Mental Health Provider for its Burdensome Cancellation Process; she reaches $310,000 Settlement-in-Principle with Syracuse Landlord for Failing to Address Lead-Based Paint Hazards; she secures $15.2 Million Judgment Against Unlicensed Cannabis Store Owner in Upstate New York; and she also wins Landmark Victory in Case Against Donald Trump. wow, that sounds great. maybe tell me more about Office of the New York State Attorney General itself The office employs over 1,700 staff, including investigators, analysts, scientists, forensic accountants, legal assistants and support staff, and over 700 assistant attorneys general, serving in over two dozen locations across New York state. The New York State Attorney General's Office is responsible for carrying out essential defensive, regulatory, and affirmative justice functions throughout the state. This includes representing and defending the state, its officers, and other government agencies in federal and state courts, handling claims and defensive litigation, conducting social and economic justice investigations, litigation, and enforcement, prohibiting discrimination and protecting the rights of various groups such as consumers, senior citizens, tenants, immigrants, and others. They also sponsor community outreach and education, mediate consumer-frauds cases, manage regulatory matters involving charities, handle Mental Hygiene Law cases, facilitate Extreme Risk Protection Orders (ERPOs), and enforce the Cannabis Law. The office has divisions such as Administration, Criminal Justice, Economic Justice, Executive, Regional Offices, Social Justice, Solicitor General, and State Counsel. Each division has various bureaus and units that focus on specific areas of responsibility. Office of the New York State Attorney General press conference