obviously, after you get it all set up, you're gonna want to test it :) just making sure, correct format would be killall -u <useraccnt> right? yes try it. log in as some other user and do a killall -u <thatuser> from your other account, i mean :) One more question, for the crontab can I just put <number sequence> passwd (such and such) or should I put /usr/bin/passwd (such and such), or does it matter? you can just do usermod --lock that's best as he can't guess a password that you changed to. it's just locked usermod --unlock to unlock it at the allowed time Well now that that's set up I just have one more question. How can I keep his account from accessing the users and groups window? I've removed him from most of the groups, made sure he can't admin and such like that but his login can still access a lot of the admin tab, and he can change his own account to admin what you say makes no sense. he can't just add himself to any group he wants, or make himself admin unless he's in the admin group already if you lock the account, he's not gonna do ANYTHING because he won't be able to log in But I want him to not be able to touch those when he is and can log in if you have given his account full sudo ability or somethig like that, then you can't do anything at all about it Well he doesn't have sudo ability, he does have su ability though I don't want him to I've taken him out of most of those groups but he can still access can he su to root? (and do you a password on root?) if so, you can't stop him from doing anything His account can, he doesn't know the root password But i'm pretty sure he isn't part of wheel are you asking how to prevent him from running su? I'm asking how to prevent him from getting into most of the administration windows he won't be able to admin if he's not in the admin group if he is, remove that group from his account i mean He isn't in the admin group, but he can still get to about half the admin windows, especially users and groups Becaues he can access users and groups, anything I deny him to he can go and give access to himself but he can't do anything without being able to admin I've tried it, he can still change it Say, he isn't in group admin, he can still go to system > admin > users and groups, and then change himself so he can admin I've tried it.