multiply tat up and it makes a difference I'll take a look at that, thanks! i have one on all my systems, makes things nice cools... looks like it's worth doing. I appreciate that extra tidbit! would it matter if I changed my DNS to Google DNS before doing the local dns cache? I mean... does it matter which I do first? doesnt matter, if your local doesnt kno the IP it will ask the next one thanks again... gonna get to work see if I can switch over to google dns and get a local dns copy if you add the lines ABOVE your routers IP it will be tried first, if you install dnsmasq you will have 127.0.0.1 at the top ahhh.. they are indeed above my routers IP address. So I can indeed still use another DNS even though I'm connecting to the internet through my router? sue, the DNS is identified by an IP which is outside your subnet so the request will go out to the web I'm somewhat computer literate but don't have an understanding of exactly how DNS works, hence my confusion on my computer can use Goole's servers for DNS even though it's connected through my router which connects directly to my ISP once you resolve the name to the IP you can start a TCP connection to the actual server, if your system ALREADY knows the resolve it will not need the internet to resolve it and will be faste your ISP will provide a DNS but if you want to use different ones then thats you call Seveas so I'll just take that as a 'yes', I am using Google's DNS instead of my ISPs? :) I am planning on doing the local DNS cache as you suggested as well, but just looking to find out if the DNS actually uses Googles since I'm behind a router your system will try the list from top to bottom so if google times out or fails it will use the next server and so on you can test with: dig www.microsoft.com I think I understand... so when it displays my router IP address, it's just saying it's using my router for DNS which in turn will use my ISP for DNS? that is if the first two (Google DNS) times out and it gets to the last option (My router ISP)? you got it